说话人A  00:25
hello。

说话人A  00:26
hey miya ko。

说话人A  00:28
hello。

说话人A  00:28
hey Max。

说话人A  00:29
hi，it's good to connect how are you。

说话人A  00:31
i'm good how about you。

说话人A  00:34
i'm doing all right sorry for the weird background i'm in a random warehouse in Italy so。

说话人A  00:39
Wow.

说话人B  00:40
Nice are you on holidays or on business trip。.

说话人A  00:44
yes，i'm on holidays，but half business trip it's a bit of a long story，but i joined also wonderful not too long ago technically two weeks ago but my official start is in end of may。

说话人A  00:56
because my noise people from my current companies，but of course you know i think we still may have told you things are moving fast is a good there's a lot of good momentum so i also doing part time started earlier so while i was on my personal trip visiting my family who lives in Italy，i'm also doing some work takes orders as well and very funny actually yesterday by coincidence，the founders are wonderful were also in Italy for a strategic meeting with the biggest telecom telco in Italy。

说话人A  01:25
so i had the chance to meet them as well in person cuz otherwise，i was supposed to go to Israel to meet them，but。

说话人A  01:30
now with the war that's gonna be difficult。

说话人B  01:34
That's true，wow，no，that's a very good chance to meet the founders in person.

说话人A  01:42
Ha。.

说话人A  01:42
exactly it happened by coincidence and i as actually tag down along one of the client meetings as well just to see how they also pitch to clients so it's a leisure pleasure business trip turned into half business trip you know。

说话人B  01:59
wow，but very nice ah，so yeah but anyway，yeah，would very well，thank you to spend some time with me。

说话人B  02:10
i've got a quick check。

说话人A  02:12
Yeah of course and we'll always believe that referrals you know are the best way to find the right talent right people that we already have brought in that they can bring similar people in is always a good source for us to find new referrals as well OK，oh give me just one second now my son here is looking.

说话人B  02:33
For me。.

说话人B  02:33
sure take your time。

说话人A  02:43
sorry i just my son interrupted。

说话人A  02:48
yeah，a- absolutely so ha- has a Wilson tell told you about the company i can give you a high level as well but wanted to see how much he told you about so far。

说话人B  02:57
yeah，he talked to me a bit about the company and i also asked Jamal and i the possibility to give me some of the background well，but overall it's really impressive，it's growing so fast well，a company well，i want。

说话人B  03:17
a more than a years old，but going through so fast as actually you guys have a very strategic global expansion plan it is very great and also it is not easy to secure a different ones of funding in such a short time and so i'm far i would it make me so curious about how you guys can do this。

说话人B  03:48
in such short term in this pace and how great the portal was it is worthy would arouse my interest。

说话人A  03:58
yeah，yeah，i'll take this call more as a mutual introduction，i can tell you a bit about the company we can see how things start but two parts right how can this be done exactly it was the same my personal situation were was i wanted to get into ai cause the hey life is too short not to get into ai right either you program the robots or the robots program you so i was like i need to get into ai and my plan was to study myself you know play with the technology and。

说话人A  04:26
then one of my。

说话人A  04:27
all mentor friends he was like oh i actually joined this ai company called wonderful they're doing some amazing stuff do you wanna in i was like wait so you're telling me i can learn the inside out of a company that has raised over hundred million us and you pay me perfect i mean you know ha that's a little bit how high it ends up here but i would say a few things is allowed them to do that right it is the three parts i would say i asked all the founders all the。

说话人A  05:02
leadership what do you think is the differentiation for wonderful and they have different version but there's like three buckets is the people is the product is the business model。

说话人A  05:35
oh，i would actually say it's very important therefore wonderful it is a very talent driven organization i would say normal i was previously in a company called cryptocom that is Crypto and Blockchain i would say there's probably like fifty people in the company that are very entrepreneurial minded very sharp that really have that hunger to do things i wonderful everyone is like that really like everyone is like almost like a mini entrepreneur we get a lot of people into the engineering which we call forward deploy engineer in and the deployment。

说话人A  05:37
strategies role that were ex founders。

说话人B  06:08
so there is really that strong ownership mentality moving fast and all thing so they actually calibrate for people of that type you know they have strong ownership that has the passion to do things and not just oh this is just a job let me do my calconfor really different talent that they can bring in you can also do a bit of quick search in apac i was very impressed by the people that they hire for apac in terms of the leadership and the people very high calibre。

说话人A  06:14
product wise i would say it's two parts right that the one they show me the demo the first time was it。

说话人A  06:51
alright this is cool，but it's kind of what i expected right it's like open clouba for enterprises what i was more impressed is the pace of improvement yesterday they just show us showed us the two point o agent builders for orchestration that is impressive it is able to generate company branded ui charts and analytics on the fly really giving like a tailor experience following sort of enterprise grade levels like wow that is impressive so while maybe one month ago i wasn't impressed today i am impressed and probably tomorrow it will be even better so the。

说话人A  06:53
platform and the pace that they're able to。

说话人A  06:55
to build is very fast。

说话人A  07:28
and the last part is the business model i think maybe a workday similar companies you know the sell things by the seed by commitment etc i think for ai that will not work anymore right the way that we go into companies is we say hey，we're gonna run a production grade pilot we don't do poc we don't do things that just for science fair we're gonna do something that can be put in front of the customer we're gonna do it for free and only once we show you the value then let's talk about expanding the volume。

说话人A  07:28
right，so really。

说话人A  07:42
is not charging the users by the seats and the pre log in we just show that we are confident about our product that we can as long as we sit down we have the right people in the room we also don't want to just go in and throw free。

说话人B  08:09
softer to people right，we want to make sure that there is a strategic conversation where we can bring in the cxo right like if you can show me that you have commitment then we will build this product for you for free cause we're confident that once we have their stakeholders aligned we can show you the value and then we can expand the u use there so i think this has been a very good approach low friction get into the door of very traditional enterprises and then scale the activity from there。

说话人B  08:10
right。

说话人B  08:16
yes，yes，i think that's a little bit about how it has been playing out。

说话人A  08:26
by not talking max maybe i want to hear a little bit about you know is what why why do you want to leave workday right i think that's a that's where you are today。

说话人B  08:49
wow，i think i'm not sure how much you heard from Vincent about me，but you know i would say i'm one of the veterans in workday Hong Kong i've been with workday for wow almost nine years ha so i yeah i。

说话人B  09:26
during the whole period i actually tried on different roles i started as a solution consultant as a p sales functional consultants out pitching the what they ported and then i think four years ago i have a opportunities to switch from my ic role to a ma leadership role so i take on the role to lead my p sales team in the region the greater China team so i by this time i had a team of six people reporting to me。

说话人B  09:57
a across the regions and well，but during that period it was a covid so everybody couldn't travel so you virtually managed the team i think it's OK，because you that the really make me no difference like oh of connecting with internal stakeholders or external holders and then after covid i rethink what i can do more。

说话人B  10:32
what's my next achievement，so and then in this one year i switch back to the fineline world as a principal consultant focusing on the customers who have a headquarter in China they are looking for global expansions like tencent jd dot com landover so i really enjoyed talking to the customers about the technology trend how they use the。

说话人B  11:03
use the technology applied now technologies into their business so i've been in this world for this，but at the same time just lately what you mention i'm really passionate about the ai so throughout the past one or two years i study a lot i even created my own ai agents which is you can actually found it on apple store。

说话人B  11:09
and i tried a lot of business case because it really make me rethink。

说话人B  11:19
what the how the world will become with this ai and all the countries changes。

说话人B  11:35
and we are more focusing on the business program to show rather than how you can create it how you build it so it make me want start thinking my next career move。

说话人B  12:12
yeah，so big，yeah，because what they yeah is a great companies and great product，but in some sense is still limited to domain areas around people and money，but with the ai well，you can create a lot of business cases apply in many different segment industries of countries locations so i don't really want to limit my。

说话人B  12:47
my my thinking my possibilities of way of deal now，so that's why it really pushed me a lot to looking for a new opportunities not really back to the traditional tech industry，but more visionary passionate company like wonder now so that's why it is well when vincent's。

说话人B  13:06
help me about those opportunities oh my god why why why i don't if i try to unless get understanding how this kind of startups how they can go in this fast how how can my mindsets different from the others。

说话人A  13:09
yes，yes，yes，yeah。

说话人A  13:21
the one thing i didn't mention before is our operating model as well i told you about our business charging model the operating model that we've been adopting is quite similar to pioneer if you're familiar with the forward deploy model。

说话人A  13:57
we're selling consultancies we're selling the delivery team and we're selling the platform right with the delivery team normally what we say is hey if you work with us it's a partnership we don't just want to be a vendor we're gonna deploy a team of people on site to work along your team right，and that generally comprises of the one to two what we called deployment strategists which is maybe similar to your role right architecting consulting like a product manager plus architect plus entrepreneur that a team right because you also need to help find。

说话人A  14:04
the use case sometimes they tell you oh i i don't want i don't know what i want to do my board my ceo wants me to do ai transformation，but。

说话人A  14:33
i don't know maybe do some ops with so you need to also guide them to find that valuable use case that can then turn into something that we can sell as well in the end，right because it that cannot just be a science fair it cannot be just operation sometimes you just do operation save them some money，but it's not enough to lock in a strong counter right so often time need to guide them to create new capability that they didn't have before or for example customer support center which is our bread and butter as an。

说话人A  14:39
entry point it normally is a conversation about saving cost right，but sometimes in Asia specifically。

说话人A  15:07
the human cost is still quite low for example big companies in Hong Kong they may employ people in Guangzhou and pay them i don't know four thousand five thousand rmb a month so even though you can save them a half of the headcounts it may not be as much savings plus the software cost right so then you really need to pivot to say OK instead of just doing customer support calls how about we do outbound sales right how about we do upsell how about we do this so the needs to be a lot more going on than。

说话人A  15:14
just sending one cost cutting software which is you know initial entry point that is more now，but we'll still do it。

说话人B  15:30
i think that is to say that in terms of our organization structure that may be something closer to what you have done in the past in terms of the managing solutions defining solutions as well。

说话人B  15:52
it's cool，that's cool and it really i think it really align with what i's been thinking because especially i'm selling application hr applications，but sometimes it's really hard to judge the roi the values of the applications just like you said。

说话人B  16:23
well，keep talking about how to cut the headcount increase the productivities sometimes it's too low lights and too not really a huge things in these regions yeah so i think this is something that we companies like you talented people like you guys what we think how the applications how the platform can or can deliver a better values to the business。

说话人A  16:35
yeah，yes and how do you navigate actually that just i'm curious right sounds like it could be said to you guys as well where roi for hr tech is hard to quantify。

说话人A  16:38
what is the thing that normally converts into a sale for you guys。

说话人B  17:06
yeah，i think well seriously we i think it is no longer a very impressive roi for productivity improvement or cost cuts，but how you can merely make up another dimensions of improvements like no matter you're facing the employees or the customers that engagements。

说话人B  17:38
their the satisfactions is so crucial，so one thing is how use your platform can improve the engagements of your customers your employees in terms of the sentiments the how happy they adopt your system the feedback they giving because all those engagement on satisfaction the end of day it will become。

说话人B  18:15
but in the intentions whether the your customers want to renew the service with you they what they want to buy a more advanced products to you with you or the employee what they want to retain in the company what they want to have a more self development，self departments within the company this is one and i think the other thing is how you can actually to really improve your productivity of。

说话人B  18:17
or how to you？

说话人B  18:30
how can back you to expense the channels that you are reaching out to the outside world some because the information is around wonderful it's massive。

说话人B  18:48
in the past，wow，yeah of although your labor is cheap，you can have hire a hundreds people to do the research daily，but the outcome the qualities whether it is we are useful for your business decisions。

说话人B  19:22
and how all these insights can turn into your company's productivities i think this is also a very crucial like whether you it is a good s decisions to you to setting up a new call center in Singapore versus Vietnam the or Thailand what kind of consideration you need to think about not about the cost not about the quality but something you might miss。

说话人A  19:52
like compliance is the po- privacies of the datas sometimes people overlook it，but the risk of non compliance is huge so i think this is some of the pitch talk that i am having with my customers day to days so i just wanted to share some of my view with you。

说话人A  20:10
appreciate that thank you so much yeah i really envision this call initially now as an interviewer more as a as you know to understand each other first i ask you a bunch of stuff，but see if you have any questions for me for wonderful i'm happy to give you more color of what the company is about。

说话人B  20:29
yeah，i do have a one questions for you like because you mentioned about the roles that the and the structures like the implementations the strategies。

说话人B  20:46
so because i when i look at your website i found a couple of roles that is the titles really interesting but i i now for me i i don't i really want to know more about the boss like。

说话人B  21:00
like the strategies roles that i found on your website could you also explain a little bit more about us。

说话人A  21:04
yes yes sure just one second。

说话人A  21:48
sorry for that my son charged in again yes，so the idea is for each country we're gonna have one general manager，one field cto and under the cto there's gonna be delivery parts so this model is a model after a company called palantir that has this spearheaded this model and the idea is you know re often time project fail not because of technology and product，but because of a non understanding the deep enough the organization from within right it could be stakeholders it could be。

说话人A  22:25
integration could be just solving the wrong problem right so that's why for each country we want to have these delivery pots and the delivery pots normally is comprised by what you mentioned that the deployment strategists which is a combination of you know presales combination of product manager combination of just solution architect or only one right good here and then ensuring that the that implementation can be end to end and making sure that even afterwards we expand from within we land at with our first use case and then we understand deeply about their company and。

说话人A  22:28
then we expand maybe at the beginning we do call center。

说话人A  23:02
and then we do internal workflows then we do like a back office flows right so that's the idea of the of that role so day to day what this role looks like is for example we already kick started a pilot with one of the top enterprises in Hong Kong is this person will do the whole life cycle right so maybe at the beginning it could be about scoping and talking about the solution doing demos scoping out the requirements and then maybe they will guide them to do brainstorming workshop right maybe gardening。

说话人A  23:05
in all internal use cases and then helping them to navigate maybe。

说话人A  23:32
the top three or something and then they will work with me on the commercial side right for example OK，so these are the things that we identified these are the kpis we think that we can do this and then we do timeline planning and then once the contract is signed then they are inside the organization they may go to the customers two three times a week see next to their team and then really planning out the implementation phase right like oh these are the apis we need these are the integration this is the deployment set up and。

说话人A  23:43
they work with the engineering team the forward deploy engineers and the cto to map out the whole implementation plan week after week，we also give them reports of the progress。

说话人A  24:14
blockers and from within we navigate this right and then after the implemented we measure the impact of the initial production pilot how we can scale it etc i go from there so that's really how that role looks like day to day our founder they like to say the closest thing to a deployment strategies is actually entrepreneur that's what i mentioned before as well right，he doesn't like to compare managers to presales he likes to compare it to an entrepreneur to really you know be within the company and then。

说话人A  24:22
making sure that they can own the project then implementation expand from there does that give you a bit more color of role。

说话人B  24:49
yeah，yeah，i really like the ideas to combined a responsibilities into one role，but it really i think it is really a wide directions to go because in some of the companies didn't like workday we will have too many different roles and they have too many granular responsibilities like mixing making things more silent working silent。

说话人B  25:19
but in the your states i think i is you willing this someone to overseeing the whole lives and to end life cycles so that you can better understand the business the company the use case that you can deep dive in the one or two years going forward yeah and more strategies i think well i really like the ideas。

说话人B  25:36
because i because when i first look at this oh wow it is very similar to many different space of expertise in my company's rules，but wow it's like a consolidated one。

说话人A  25:51
exactly that's why i think our founder like to say is closer to an entrepreneur because he wears different hats and it is very yeah well i think it's one level i would say what's interesting here is we don't really hire。

说话人A  26:04
junior people we hire only you know every role it's a it's quite senior quite central a lot of scope，a lot of autonomy as well，so that's generally the approach as well，so if you see all the people that have taken the。

说话人B  26:34
delivery strategies or the forward deploy engineers yeah these were many of them were ex founders many of them were like you know have a lot of experience as well cuz understand we talk to enterprises right there is no room for no ownership so we really need people that can drive things forward and then get the ball rolling yeah very true i think the key success factors for all this set up is the ownership that you mentioned yes。

说话人B  26:40
people really need to own the things they're leading they're overseeing just by entrepreneurship。

说话人B  26:45
to make things keep going and more innovative。

说话人B  26:55
yes，yes great anything else you're curious about the company or the roles or i can help you understand。

说话人A  27:06
yeah，i think yeah，thank you provide me a pretty much informations so i would like to know so i think i'm good for now yeah。

说话人A  27:16
sounds good great，so let me go back and chat with Winston as well or potential fit of a d of different roles yeah，i think our。

说话人A  27:17
those are the titles are a bit different the scope is a bit different so we do need to calibrate that as well，but yeah let me get back to the team i this was an initial sort of just i think as a friendly casual conversation if there is interest on both sides i think we can take things further，but yeah we can keep in touch on WhatsApp。

说话人B  27:38
Yeah sure.

说话人A  27:40
OK。.

说话人A  27:40
appreciate thank you for your time。

说话人B  27:42
thank you。

说话人B  27:43
thank you。

说话人B  27:44
bye bye。